Figure 1 on this page lists the following actions viruses can take: Alter, corrupt, delete files or even erase an entire hard drive on a computer, prevent the computer from booting, cause applications to not load or operate correctly, use the users email account to spread the virus to other computers, lay dormant until summoned by the attacker, record keystrokes to capture sensitive information, such as passwords and credit card numbers and send that data to the attacker. Figure 2 on this page is a table that lists the following types of Trojan horses. Type of Trojan Horse: Remote-access, Description: Trojan enables unauthorised remote access. Type of Trojan Horse: Data-sending, Description: Trojan provides the attacker with sensitive data, such as passwords. Type of Trojan Horse: Destructive, Description: Trojan corrupts or deletes files. Type of Trojan Horse: Proxy, Description: Trojan will use the victim’s computer as a source device to launch attacks and perform other illegal activities. Type of Trojan Horse: FTP, Description: Trojan enables unauthorised file transfer services on end devices. Type of Trojan Horse: Security software disabler, Description: Trojan stops antivirus programs or firewalls from functioning. Type of Trojan Horse: Denial of Service (DoS), Description: Trojan slows or halts network activity. Figure3 on this page is a table that lists the following varieties of malware. Security Mode: Worms, Description: A worm is a self-replicating program that is harmful to networks with the intent to slow or disrupt network operations, worms typically spread automatically by exploiting known vulnerabilities in legitimate software. Security Mode: Adware, Description: Usually distributed by downloading online software, it displays advertising on your computer most often as in a pop-up window, adware pop-up windows are sometimes difficult to control and open new windows faster than users can close them. Security Mode: Spyware, Description: Similar to adware but used to gather information about a user and send the information to another entity, without the user’s consent, spyware can be low threat, gathering browsing data, or it can be high threat where personal or financial information is gathered. Security Mode: Ransomware, Description: Similar to adware but denies access to the infected computer system, the ransomware then demands a paid ransom for the restriction to be removed. Security Mode: Rootkits, Description: Program used by hackers to gain Administrator-account level access to a computer, very difficult to detect because it can control security programs to conceal itself, special rootkit removal software can be used but sometimes a re-installation of the operating system is necessary to ensure that the rootkit is completely removed.