Figure 1 on this page is a diagram that lists the following different types of TCP/IP attacks: Denial of Service (DoS), Distributed DoS, Syn Flood, Spoofing, Man-in-the-Middle, Replay, DNS Poisoning. Figure 2 on this page is an animation that demonstrates a DoS attack. The topology shows three desktop computers and a web server connected to the Internet. A user is using one of the desktop computers. There is also a DoS attacker connected to the Internet. The DoS attacker has a callout that says, “I’ll send so many pings that the server can’t respond to anyone else.” The web server has a callout that says, “Help, I can’t accomplish any work!” A user a desktop computer has a callout that says, “This website is very slow today!” Figure 3 on this page is an animation that demonstrates a Distributed DoS attack. It has the same topology as figure 1. Two users are using two of the desktop computers. The DoS attacker has a callout that says, ”I have infected computers across the Internet with the DDoS code. I will activate them all now.” The two desktop computers that are being used have callouts that says, “DDoS code activated”. The web server has a callout that says, “I am overloaded with too much traffic.” Figure 4 on this page is a diagram that demonstrates a TCP SYN Flood attack. An attacker sends multiple SYN requests to a web server. The web server sends SYN ACKs and waits to complete the three way handshake but receives no replies.  A valid user sends a SYN request to a web server but the web server is unavailable. Figure 5 on this page is a topology that demonstrates a Man-in-the-Middle attack. The topology shows a victim laptop connected to Switch S1, Switch S1 connected to Router R1, Router R1 connected to Router R2, Router R2 connected to the Internet, Attacker's laptop connected to the Internet, Web Server connected to attacker's laptop. When a victim requests a webpage, the request is directed to the attacker’s computer. The attacker's computer receives the request and retrieves the real page from the legitimate website. The attacker can alter the legitimate web page and apply transformations to the data. The attacker forwards the requested page to the victim.