The figure on this page is a table that lists the following common problems and solutions for printers. Identify the problem: An application document does not print, probable causes: There is a document error in the print queue, possible solutions: Manage the print jobs by cancelling the document from the print queue and print again. Identify the problem: Printer cannot be added or there is a print spooler error, probable causes: The printer service is stopped or not working properly, possible solutions: Start the print spooler and if necessary reboot the computer. Identify the problem: Printer jobs are sent to the print queue but are not printed, probable causes: The printer has been installed on the wrong port, possible solutions: Use printer properties and settings to configure the printer port. Identify the problem: Print queue is functioning properly, but the printer does not print, probable causes: There is a bad cable connection, the printer is in standby, the printer has an error such as out of paper, out of toner, or paper jam, possible solutions: Check for bent pins on the printer cable and check the printer cable connections to the printer and computer, manually resume printer from standby, or power cycle the printer, check the printer status and correct any errors. Identify the problem: Printer is printing unknown characters or does not print a test page, probable causes: Wrong or outdated printer driver is installed, possible solutions: Uninstall the current print driver and install the correct print driver. Identify the problem: Printer prints unknown characters or does not print anything, Probable causes: Printer may be plugged into an UPS, incorrect print driver installed, printer cable are loose, no paper in printer, possible solutions: Plug the printer directly into the wall outlet or surge protector, uninstall incorrect print driver and install correct driver, secure printer cables, add paper to the printer. Identify the problem: Paper jams when printing, probable causes: Printer is dirty, the wrong paper type is being used, humidity causes the paper to stick together, possible solutions: Clean the printer, replace paper with the manufacturer’s recommended paper type, insert new paper in the paper tray. Identify the problem: The print jobs are faded, probable causes: The toner cartridge is low, the toner cartridge is defective, the paper is incompatible, with the printer, possible solutions: Replace the toner cartridge, replace the paper. Identify the problem: The toner is not fusing to the paper, probable causes: The toner cartridge is empty, Toner cartridge is defective, the paper is incompatible with the printer, possible solutions: Replace the toner cartridge, replace the paper. Identify the problem: The paper is creased after printing, probable causes: The paper is defective, the paper is loaded incorrectly, possible solutions: Remove the paper from printer, check for defects, and replace, remove, align, and replace the paper. Identify the problem: The paper is not being fed into the printer, probable causes: The paper is wrinkled, printer set to print to a different paper size than currently loaded, possible solutions: Remove the wrinkled paper from print tray, change paper size in print settings. Identify the problem: User receives a “Document failed to print” message, probable causes: A cable is loose or disconnected, a printer is no longer shared, possible solutions: Check and reconnect the Parallel, USB, or power cable, configure the printer for sharing. Identify the problem: User receives an “Access Denied” message when trying to install a printer, probable causes: User does not have administrative or power user privileges, possible solutions: Log out and log in as an administrator or power user. Identify the problem: Printer is printing incorrect colours, probable causes: Print cartridge is empty, print cartridge is defective, incorrect cartridge installed, print heads need to be cleaned and calibrated, possible solutions: Replace the printer cartridge, clean and calibrate the printer using the supplied software.