Figure 1 on this page is a table that describes the following TCP/IP reference model layers. Application, where high-level protocols such as SMTP and FTP operate. Transport, specifies which application requested or is receiving data through specific ports. Internet, where IP addressing and routing take place. Network Access, where MAC addressing and physical components of the network exist. Figure 2 on this page is a diagram that shows the following descriptions of some of the popular TCP/IP protocols and the related TCP/IP layers. Application layer; Service: Name System , Protocol: DNS, Domain Name System or (Service), Description: Translates domain names, such as cisco.com, into IP addresses. Service: Host Config, Protocol: BOOTP, Bootstrap Protocol, Description: Enables a diskless workstation to discover its own IP address, the IP address of a BOOTP server on the network, and a file to be loaded into memory to boot the machine, BOOTP is being superseded by DHCP, Protocol: DHCP, Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol, Description: Dynamically assigns IP addresses to client stations at start-up, allows the addresses to be re-used when no longer needed. Service: Email, Protocol: SMTP: Simple Mail Transfer Protocol, Description: Enables clients to send email to a mail server, enables servers to send email to other servers, Protocol: POP, Post Office Protocol version 3 (POP3), Description: Enables clients to retrieve email from a mail server, downloads email from the mail server to the desktop, Protocol: IMAP, Internet Message Access Protocol, description: Enables clients to access email stored on a mail server, maintains email on the server.  Service: File Transfer, Protocol: FTP, File Transfer Protocol, description: Sets rules that enable a user on one host to access and transfer files to and from another host over a network, a reliable, connection-oriented, and acknowledged file delivery protocol, Protocol: TFTP, Trivial File Transfer Protocol, Description: A simple, connectionless file transfer protocol, a best-effort, unacknowledged file delivery protocol, utilizes less overhead than FTP.  Service: Web, Protocol: HTTP, Hypertext Transfer Protocol, Description: Set of rules for exchanging text, graphic images, sound, video, and other multimedia files on the World Wide Web. Transport Layer; Protocol: UDP, User Datagram Protocol, Description: Enables a process running on one host to send packets to a process running on another host, does not confirm successful datagram transmission, Protocol: TCP, Transmission Control Protocol, Description: Enables reliable communication between processes running on separate hosts, reliable, acknowledged transmissions that confirm successful delivery. Internet Layer; Protocol: IP, Internet Protocol, Description: Receives message segments from the transport layer, packages messages into packets, addresses packets for end-to-end delivery over an Internetwork, Protocol: NAT, Network Address Translation, Description: Translates IP addresses from a private network into globally unique public IP addresses, Service: IP Support, Protocol: ICMP: Internet Control Message Protocol, Description: Provides feedback from a destination host to a source host about errors in packet delivery, Service: Routing Protocols, protocol: OSPF, Open Shortest Path First, Description: Link-state routing protocol, hierarchical design based on areas, open standard interior routing protocol, Protocol: EIGRP, Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol, Description: Cisco proprietary routing protocol, uses composite metric based on bandwidth, delay, load and reliability. Network Access Layer; Protocol: ARP, Address Resolution Protocol, Description: Provides dynamic address mapping between an IP address and a hardware address, Protocol: PPP, Point-to-Point Protocol, Description: Provides a means of encapsulating packets for transmission over a serial link, Protocol: Ethernet, Description: Defines the rules for wiring and signalling standards of the network access layer, Protocol: Interface Drivers, Description: Provides instruction to a machine for the control of a specific interface on a network device.