Figure 1 on this page is a table that lists the following common problems and solutions for laptops. Identify the problem: Laptop does not power on, probable causes: Laptop is not plugged in, battery is not charged, battery will not hold a charge, possible solutions: Plug the laptop into AC power, remove and reinstall the battery, replace battery if it will not charge. Identify the problem: Laptop battery supports the system for a reduced period of time, probable causes: Proper battery charging and discharging practices have not been followed, extra peripherals are draining the battery, power plan is not configured correctly, battery is not holding a charge for very long, possible solutions: Follow the battery charging procedures described in your manual, remove unneeded peripherals and disable wireless NIC if possible, modify power plan to decrease battery usage, replace battery. Identify the problem: External display has power but no image on the screen, probable causes: Video cable is loose or damaged, the laptop is not sending video signal to the external display, possible solutions: Reconnect or replace video cable, use the Fn key along with the multi-purpose key to toggle to the external display. Identify the problem: Laptop is powered on, but nothing is displayed on the display when the laptop lid is reopened, probable causes: The screen cutoff switch is dirty or damaged, the laptop has gone into sleep mode, possible solutions: Check the laptop repair manual for instructions about cleaning or replacing the LCD cutoff switch, press a key on the keyboard to bring the computer out of sleep mode. Identify the problem: The image on a laptop screen looks dull and pale, probable causes: The LCD backlight is not properly adjusted, possible solutions: Check the laptop repair manual for instructions about calibrating the LCD backlight. Identify the problem: The image on a laptop display is pixilated, Probable causes: Display properties are incorrect, possible solutions: Set the display to native resolution. Identify the problem: The laptop display is flickering, probable causes: Images on the screen are not refreshing fast enough, the inverter is damaged or malfunctioning, possible solutions: Adjust the screen refresh rate, disassemble the display and replace the inverter. Identify the problem: A user is experiencing a ghost cursor that moves on its own, probable causes: The track pad is dirty, a track pad and mouse are being used at the same time, a finger or hand has touched the track pad while typing, possible solutions: Clean the track pad, disconnect the mouse, try not to touch the track pad while typing. Identify the problem: Pixels on the screen are dead or not generating colour, probable causes: Power to the pixels has been cut off, possible solutions: Contact the manufacturer. Identify the problem: The image on the screen appears to flash lines or patterns of different colour and size (artifacts), probable causes: The display is not properly connected, the GPU is overheating, the GPU is faulty or malfunctioning, possible solutions: Disassemble the laptop to check the display connections, disassemble and clean the computer, checking for dust and debris, replace the GPU. Identify the problem: Colour patterns on a screen are incorrect, probable causes: The display is not properly connected, the GPU is overheating, the GPU is faulty or malfunctioning, possible solutions: Disassemble the laptop to check the display connections, disassemble and clean the computer, checking for dust and debris, replace the GPU. Identify the problem: Images on a display are distorted, probable causes: Display settings have been changed, the display is not properly connected, the GPU is overheating, the GPU is faulty or malfunctioning, possible solutions: Restore display settings to the original factory settings, disassemble the computer to a point where you can check display connections, disassemble and clean the computer, checking for dust and debris, replace the GPU. Identify the problem: The network is fully functional and the wireless connection is enabled, but the laptop cannot connect to the network, probable causes: Wi-Fi is turned off, out of wireless range, possible solutions: Turn Wi-Fi on using the wireless NIC properties or the Fn key along with the appropriate multi-purpose key, move closer to the wireless access point. Identify the problem: Input devices connected with Bluetooth are not functioning properly, probable causes: Bluetooth is turned off, batteries in the input device are dead, the input device is out of range. Possible solutions: Turn Bluetooth on by using the Bluetooth settings applet or the Fn key along with the appropriate multi-purpose key, replace the batteries, move the input device closer to the laptop’s Bluetooth receiver, verify that Bluetooth is turned on. Identify the problem: Keyboard is inserting numbers instead of letters, probable causes: Num Lock is enabled, possible solutions: Turn Num Lock off using the Num Lock key or an Fn key along with the appropriate multi-purpose key. Figure 2 on this page is a table that lists the following common problems and solutions for mobile devices. Identify the problem: The mobile device will not connect to the Internet, probable causes: Wi-Fi is not available, there is no carrier data network in range, possible solutions: Move to within the boundaries of a Wi-Fi network, move to within the boundaries of a carrier data network. Identify the problem: The mobile device will not turn on, probable causes: The battery is drained, the Power button is broken, the device has failed, possible solutions: Charge the mobile device or replace the battery with a charged battery, contact customer support to determine the next course of action. Identify the problem: A tablet fails to charge or charges very slowly when connected to AC power, probable causes: The tablet is in use when charging, the AC adapter does not have enough amperage, possible solutions: Turn off the tablet when charging, use the AC adapter that came with the tablet, use an AC adapter that has the correct amount of amperage. Identify the problem: A smartphone cannot connect to the carrier’s network, probable causes: The SIM card is not installed, possible solutions: Install the SIM card. Identify the problem: Mobile device does not power on, probable causes: Battery is not charged, battery will not hold a charge, Power button is broken, possible solutions: Plug the device into AC power to charge the battery, replace the battery with a known good one, contact customer support to determine the next course of action, use an AC adapter with the correct amperage rating. Identify the problem: Mobile device battery supports the system for a reduced period of time, Probable causes: Device settings are incorrectly configured, battery is not holding a charge, possible solutions: Modify power plan to decrease battery usage, replace the battery. Identify the problem: Mobile device will not connect to the Internet, probable causes: Wi-Fi is not available, Wi-Fi is turned off, Wi-Fi settings are incorrect, there is no carrier data network service in range, possible solutions: Turn on Wi-Fi, turn off airplane mode, configure correct Wi-Fi settings, move to within the boundaries of a Wi-Fi network, move to within the boundaries of a carrier data network. Identify the problem: Mobile device will not connect with Bluetooth, probable causes: Bluetooth is turned off, the devices are not paired, device is not in range, possible solutions: Turn on Bluetooth, pair the device, bring the device into range.