Figure 1 on this page is an image of a laptop display with the following three LEDs at the top of the display highlighted. Left LED: Bluetooth, the Bluetooth status LED indicates when the Bluetooth wireless transceiver is enabled. Bluetooth is a wireless industry standard that enables portable devices to communicate over short distances. Center LED: Battery Status, the battery status LED indicates the status of the battery. A laptop computer can use a battery or an AC power adapter to operate. The type of battery and how the laptop is used affects how long a battery charge will last. Right LED: Standby, the Standby LED indicates whether the laptop is in standby or not. Standby mode reduces the amount of electricity used by the laptop by shutting off the monitor, hard drive, and CPU. A small amount of electricity is used to keep the RAM active and to make the data available. A laptop computer may enter standby mode when it has not been used for a predefined amount of time. Figure 2 on this page is an image of the rear view of a laptop with the following components highlighted. The battery bay is a connector that is used to attach a laptop battery. The AC Power Connector is a connector that is used to attach the AC power adapter to the laptop and to charge the battery. The parallel port: is a socket that is used to connect a device such as a printer or scanner. Figure 3 on this page is a table comparing the following different Laptop batteries. Type of battery: Nickel-cadmium “Ni-Cad” (NiCd), characteristics: Heavy for the power it holds, long life (many charging cycles), may exhibit memory effect, common use: Toys, Cordless phones, emergency lighting, power tools, camera flash. Type of battery: Nickel-metal-hydride (NiMH), characteristics: Moderate weight for power, moderate lifespan, may experience “polarity reversal” at end of cycle, shut down or recharge at once. May need several charge/discharge cycles to reach full capability, common use: Cell phones, digital cameras, GPS units, flashlights, and other consumer electronics. Type of battery: Lithium-ion (Li-Ion), characteristics: Light weight for power, no memory effect, can easily overheat, keep cool, charge often, seek freshest batteries (most recently manufactured), common uses: Cell phones, laptops. Type of battery: Lithium-polymer (Li-Poly or LiPo), characteristics: Costly, small, lightweight for power, moderate capacity, fast recharge, moderate life span, do not short circuit, is not flammable, common uses: PDAs, laptop computers, portable MP3 players, portable gaming devices, radio controlled airplanes. Figure 4 on this page is an image of the left side view of a laptop with the following components highlighted. The security keyhole is a hard point in the laptop frame that is used to attach a security cable. The Universal Serial Bus (USB) port is a socket that is used to connect one or more peripherals. The S-video port is a four-pin mini-DIN connector that is used to output video signals to a compatible device. S-video separates the brightness and colour portions of a video signal. The RJ-11 modem port is a device that is used to connect the laptop to a standard telephone line. The modem can be used to connect the computer to the Internet, to fax documents, and to answer incoming calls. The Ethernet port is an RJ-45 socket that is used to connect the laptop to a cabled local area network. The two network LEDs are lights that indicate the status of the network connection. The green link light indicates network connectivity. The other LED light indicates the traffic to and from the laptop. The headphone jack is a socket that is used to output audio signals to connected stereo headphones or speakers. The microphone jack is a socket that is used to connect a microphone used for audio input. The ventilation grill is a series of vents that allow hot air to be expelled from the interior of the laptop. The PC combination card slot is an expansion slot that supports the ExpressCard expansion cards in the top slot and PC Cards in the bottom slot. Figure 5 on this page is an image of the front view of a laptop with the following components highlighted. The infrared port is a line-of-sight wireless transceiver that is used for data transmission. Speakers are an output device that convert audio signals produced within the laptop to sound. The laptop latch is a lever that is used to open the laptop lid. The ventilation grill is a series of vents that allow hot air to be expelled from the interior of the laptop. Figure 6 on this page is an image of the right side view of a laptop with the following components highlighted. The optical drive is a disk drive that is used to read and write to optical media. The optical drive activity indicator is an LED that illuminates when the drive is in use. The drive bay status indicator is an LED that is illuminated when a drive is installed in the laptop bay. The VGA port is a 15-pin socket that connects to external displays and projectors. Figure 7 on this page is an image of the bottom view of a laptop with the following components highlighted. The two battery latches are levers that are used when inserting, removing, or securing the laptop battery. The RAM access panel is a cover that provides access to the expansion memory. The hard drive access panel is a cover that provides access to the internal hard drive bay. The docking connector is a socket that is used to attach a laptop to a docking station.