Figure 1 on this page is a table that lists the following common problems and solutions for mobile device operating systems. Identify the problem: The mobile device will not connect to the Internet, probable causes: Wi-Fi is turned off, Wi-Fi settings are incorrect, Airplane mode is turned on, possible solutions: Turn on Wi-Fi, reconfigure the Wi-Fi settings, turn off Airplane mode. Identify the problem: An app fails to respond, probable causes: The app does not work correctly, the app failed to close, possible solutions: Force the app to close, restart the mobile device, reinstall the app, remove and reinsert the battery, if possible, reset the mobile device. Identify the problem: The mobile device fails to respond, probable causes: The operating system has encountered an error, an app has caused the operating system to become unresponsive, possible solutions: Restart the mobile device, remove and reinsert the battery, if possible, reset the mobile device. Identify the problem: The mobile device cannot send or receive email, probable causes: The mobile device is not connected to the Internet, the email account settings are incorrect, possible solutions: Connect the device to a Wi-Fi or cellular data network, reconfigure the email account settings. Identify the problem: The mobile device cannot install additional apps or save photos, probable causes: The mobile device is out of storage space, possible solutions: Insert a memory card or replace the memory card with a larger one, if possible, remove unnecessary files, uninstall unnecessary apps. Identify the problem: A mobile device cannot connect with a Bluetooth device, Probable causes: Bluetooth is not enabled on the mobile device, the Bluetooth device is out of range of the mobile device, the Bluetooth device is not turned on, possible solutions: Enable Bluetooth on the mobile device, move the Bluetooth device to within range of the mobile device, turn on the Bluetooth device. Identify the problem: A mobile device cannot pair with a Bluetooth device, probable causes: Bluetooth is not enabled on the mobile device, the Bluetooth device is not turned on, the pin code is incorrect, possible solutions: Enable Bluetooth on the mobile device, turn on the Bluetooth device, enter the correct pin code. Figure 2 on this page is a table that lists the following common problems and solutions for Linux and OS X operating systems. Identify the problem: The automatic backup operation does not start, probable causes: Time Machine is turned off in OS X, Deja Dup is turned off in Linux, possible solutions: Turn on Time Machine in OS X, turn on Deja Dup in Linux. Identify the problem: The directory appears empty, probable causes: The directory is the mount point for another disk or partition, the files were accidentally deleted, possible solutions: Remount the disk using the correct directory with Disk Utility for OS X, remount the disk using the correct directory with Disks for Linux, restore the deleted files from backup using Time machine or Deja Dup. Identify the problem: An application stops responding in OS X, probable causes: The application has stopped working, the application was using a resource that became unavailable, possible solutions: Force Quit the application. Identify the problem: Wi-Fi is not accessible using Ubuntu, probable causes: The wireless NIC driver did not install correctly, possible solutions: Install the Linux driver from the manufacturer’s website, if available, install the Linux driver from the Ubuntu repositories, if available. Identify the problem: OS X cannot read the remote optical disc using Remote Disc., probable causes: The Mac already has an optical drive installed, the option to request permission to use the optical drive has been enabled, possible solutions: Place the media in the local optical drive, accept the request for permission to use the drive.