The figure on this page is a table listing the following Windows command line interface (CLI) commands and what they do. Command: Help [command-name], Function: Provides specific information for any CLI command. Alternatively, you can use [command-name]/?. Command: Taskkill, Function: Stops a running application. Command: Bootrec, Function: Repairs the MBR. Command: Shutdown, Function: Shuts down a local or remote machine. Command: Tasklist, Function: Displays currently running applications. Command: MD, Function: Creates a new directory. Command: RD, Function: Removes a directory. Command: CD, Function: Changes to a different directory. Command: DEL, Function: Deletes a file. Command: FORMAT, Function: Formats a Drive, mount point or volume with a file system. Command: COPY, Function: Copies files from one location to another. Command: XCOPY, Function: Copies files, directories, or entire drives from one location to another, copies a directory and its contents from one location to another unless the directory is empty, copies only files with the archive attribute set, copies and verifies that each new file is the same as the source file, copies without prompting to overwrite existing files. Command: ROBOCOPY, Function: Copies a file. Command: SFC, Function: Check and replaces all of the protected system files with known good versions if they have become corrupted or deleted. Command: CHKDSK, Function: Creates a report about the disk, Fixes any file allocation table entries, Attempts to recover data from bad sectors of the drive. Command: RUNAS, Function: Allows a user to run specific tools and programs with different permissions than the user’s current logon provides. Command: GPUPDATE, Function: Refreshes Group Policy settings, including security settings. Command: GPRESULT, Function: Displays Group Policy settings and Resultant Set of Policy (RSOP) for a user or a computer. Command: DIR, Function: Displays a list of a directory’s files and subdirectories. Command: EXIT, Function: Quits the command prompt. Command: EXTRACT, Function: Uncompresses one or more files from .CAB cabinet files. Command: RSTRUI, Function: Starts the System Restore utility. Command: BOOTREC, Function: Fixes boot sector problems that prevents Windows from starting. This tool is only available in the Recovery Environment. Refer to BOOTREC help for more information. Command: DEFRAG, Function: Optimises files on disks to improve system performance. Command: DISKPART, Function: Creates, deletes, and resizes hard drive partitions. DISKPART can also assign or reassign drive letters. Care should be exercised when working with DISKPART.