Figure 1 on this page is an image of the Ubuntu Unity GUI with the following items highlighted. Launcher, A dock placed on the left side of the screen that serves as application launcher and switcher. Right-click any application hosted on the Launcher to access a short list of tasks the application can perform. Top Menu Bar, A multipurpose menu bar containing the currently running application, buttons to control the active window, and system controls and notifications. System and Notification Menu, Many important functions are located in the indicator menus at the top right corner of your screen. Use the indicator menu to switch users, shut down your computer, control the volume level, or change network settings. Dash Search Box, Holds the Search tool and a list of recently used applications. Dash includes lenses at the bottom of the Dash area, which allow the user to fine tune Dash search results. To access Dash, simply click the Ubuntu button on the top of the Launcher. Lenses, Allows the user to fine tune the results. Figure 2 on this page is an image of the OS X GUI with the following items highlighted. Apple Menu, Access system preferences, software updates, power controls, and more. Application Menu, Displays the name of the active application in bold and the menu of the active application. Menu Bar, Contains the Apple menu, currently active application menus, status menus and indicators, Spotlight, and Notification Center. Notification Center Icon, Allows the user to see all notifications. Spotlight Icon, Used for searching for apps, documents, images and other files. Status Menu, Displays date and time and status of your computer and some features, such as Bluetooth and wireless. Desktop area. Dock, Displays thumbnails of frequently used applications and the running applications that are minimized. One of the important functions included in the Dock is Force Quit. By right-clicking a running application in the Dock, the user can choose to close an unresponsive application.