Figure 1 on this page is a table that lists the following advanced problems and solutions for hardware. Identify the Problem: RAID cannot be found, Probable Causes: The external RAID controller is not receiving power, the BIOS settings are incorrect, the RAID controller has failed, Possible Solutions: Check the power connection to the RAID controller, reconfigure the BIOS settings for the RAID controller, replace the RAID controller. Identify the Problem: RAID stops working, Probable Causes: The external RAID controller is not receiving power, The RAID controller has failed. Possible Solutions: Check the power connection to the RAID controller, replace the RAID controller. Identify the Problem: A computer exhibits slow performance, Probable Causes: The computer does not have enough RAM, the computer is overheating, Possible Solutions: Install additional RAM, clean the fans or install additional fans. Identify the Problem: The computer does not recognise a removable external drive, Probable Causes: The OS does not have the correct drivers for the removable external drive, the USB port has too many attached devices to supply adequate power. Possible Solutions: Download the correct drivers for the drive, attach external power to the device or remove some of the USB devices. Identify the Problem: After updating the CMOS firmware, the computer will not start, Probable Causes: The CMOS firmware update did not install correctly, Possible Solutions: Restore the original firmware from the on board backup if one is available, if the motherboard has two CMOS chips, the second CMOS chip can be used, contact the motherboard manufacturer to obtain a new CMOS chip. Identify the Problem: The computer reboots without warning, locks up, or displays error messages or the BSOD, Probable Causes: RAM is failing, the front side bus is set too high, the CPU multiplier is set too high, the CPU voltage is set too high. Possible Solutions: Test each RAM module to determine if they are operating correctly, reset to the factory default settings of the motherboard, lower the FSB settings, lower the multiplier settings, lower the CPU voltage settings. Identify the Problem: After upgrading from a single core CPU to a multi-core CPU, the computer runs slower and only shows one CPU graph in task manager, Probable Causes: The BIOS does not recognise the multi-core CPU, Possible Solutions: Update the CMOS firmware to support the multi-core CPU.