Figure 1 on this page is an image showing both ends of a SATA cable. Figure 2 on this page is an image showing a portable hard disk drive connected to a laptop using a USB cable. Figure 3 on this page is an image showing the following four USB connectors. A USB Type A, a USB type B, a USB Micro B, a USB Mini B. Figure 4 on this page is a diagram of a USB Type C connector listing the following benefits. Entirely New Design: Made for emerging product designs. Supports Scalable Power Charging. Future Scalability: Designed to establish future USB needs. Usability Enhancements: Reversible plug orientation and cable direction. New Smaller Size. Figure 5 on this page is a table listing the following different external connection types. Connection Type: Firewire 400 (IEEE 1394a), Description: Supports hot-swappable drives, port supports up to 63 devices using hubs, provides power, Maximum Bandwidth: 400 Mb/s, Maximum Cable Length: 4.5 metres (15ft.). Connection Type: Firewire 800 (IEEE 1394b), Description: Backwards compatible with Firewire 400, can also connect using Ethernet cable, Maximum Bandwidth: 800 Mb/s, Maximum Cable Length: 4.5 metres (15ft.), 100 metres (328 ft.). Connection Type: eSATA, Description: Connects external SATA drives, external drives require a power cable, not compatible with SATA, Maximum Bandwidth: 3 Gb/s, Maximum Cable Length: 2 metres (6.6 ft.). Connection Type: USB 2.0, Description: Supports hot-swappable drives, port supports up to 127 devices using hubs, provides power, Maximum Bandwidth: 480 Mb/s, Maximum Cable Length: 5 metres (16.4 ft.). Connection Type: USB 3.0, Description: Backward compatible with USB 2.0, Maximum Bandwidth: 5 Gb/s, Maximum Cable Length: 3 metres (9.8 ft.). Connection Type: USB 3.1, Description: Backward compatible with USB 3.0, Maximum Bandwidth: 10 Gb/s, Maximum Cable Length: 3 metres (9.8 ft.). Connection Type: Thunderbolt, Description: Supports up to 6 daisy-chained devices, provides power, Thunderbolt 3 uses a USB-C connector, Maximum Bandwidth: 10 Gb/s, 20 Gb/s (Thunderbolt 2), 40 Gb/s (Thunderbolt 3), Maximum Cable Length: 3 metres (9.8 ft.). Figure 6 on this page shows a graph comparing the connection maximum bandwidths of the external connection types from figure 5 listed in order from least to greatest. Figure 7 on this page is a table comparing the following different RAID levels. RAID Level: 0, Minimum Number of Drives: 2, Description: Data striping without redundancy, Advantages: Highest Performance, Disadvantages: No Data protection, failure of one drive results in all loss of all data. RAID Level: 1, Minimum Number of Drives: 2, Description: Disk mirroring, Advantages: High performance, high data protection because all data is duplicated, Disadvantages: High cost of implementation because additional drive of equal or larger capacity is required. RAID Level: 2, Minimum Number of Drives: 2, Description: Error-Correcting Coding, Advantages: This level is no longer used, Disadvantages: Same performance can be achieved at a lower cost using RAID 3. RAID Level: 3, Minimum Number of Drives: 3, Description: Byte-Level data striping with dedicated parity, Advantages: For large, sequential data requests, Disadvantages: Does not support multiple, simultaneous read and write requests. RAID Level: 4, Minimum Number of Drives: 3, Description: Block-level data striping with dedicated parity, Advantages: Supports multiple read requests, if a disk fails the dedicated parity disk is used to create a replacement disk, Disadvantages: Write requests are bottlenecked due to the dedicated parity drive. RAID Level: 5, minimum Number of Drives: 3, Description: Combination of data striping and parity, Advantages: Supports multiple simultaneous reads and writes, data is written across all drives with parity, data can be rebuilt from information found on the other drives, Disadvantages: Write performance is slower than RAID 0 and 1. RAID level: 6, Minimum Number of Drives: 4, Description: Independent Data Disks with Double Parity, Advantages: Block-level striping with parity data distributed across all disks, can handle two simultaneous drive failures, Disadvantages: Lower performance than RAID 5, not supported on all disk controllers. RAID Level: RAID 0+1, Minimum Number of Drives: 4, Description: Combination of data striping and mirroring, Advantages: High performance, highest data protection, Disadvantages: High cost overhead because duplication of data requires twice the storage capacity. RAID Level: 10, Minimum Number of Drives: 4 (must be even number), Description: Mirrored set in a striped set, Advantages: Provides fault tolerance and improved performance, Disadvantages: High cost overhead because duplication of data requires twice the storage capacity.