The figure on this page is an interactive graphic that explains the following methods used to keep the customer focused on the problem. Talkative Customer: Allow the customer to talk for one minute, gather as much information about the problem as possible, politely step in to refocus the customer. This is the exception to the rule of never interrupting a customer, ask as many closed-ended questions as you need to once you have regained control of the call, do not encourage non-problem related conversation by asking social questions such as "How are you today?". Rude Customer: Listen very carefully, as you do not want to ask the customer to repeat any information, follow a step-by-step approach to determining and solving the problem, if the customer has a favorite technician, try to contact that technician to see if they can take the call. As an example, tell the customer, "I can either help you right now or see if (the preferred technician) is available. They will be available in two hours. Will that be acceptable?" If the customer wants to wait for the other technician, record this in the ticket, apologize for the wait time and the inconvenience, even if there has been no wait time, reiterate that you want to solve their problem as quickly as possible, do not ask the customer to do any obvious steps if there is any way you can determine the problem without them, do not be rude to the customer, even if they are rude to you. Angry Customer: Let the customer tell their problem without interrupting, even if they are angry. This allows the customer to release some of their anger before you proceed, sympathize with the customer's problem, apologize for wait time or inconvenience,  if at all possible, try not to put this customer on hold or transfer the call, do not spend call time talking about what caused the problem (rather, redirect the conversation to solving the problem). Knowledgeable Customer: If you are a level one technician, you might try to set up a conference call with a level two technician, give the customer the overall approach to what you are trying to verify, do not follow a step-by-step process with this customer, do not ask to check the obvious, such as the power cord or the power switch. As an example, you could suggest a reboot instead. Inexperienced Customer: Use a simple step-by-step process of instructions, speak in plain terms, do not use industry jargon, do not be condescending to your customer or belittle them.