Figure 1 on this page is an image of the Wireless-N Broadband router utility that shows the Wireless tab. Figure 2 on this page is a table that lists the following descriptions of the available network modes. Network Mode: Mixed, Description: Default mode, select if you have 802.11n (2.4 GHz), 802.11g, and 802.11b devices. Network Mode: Wireless-B/G Only, Description: Select if you have both 802.11b and 802.11g (2.4GHz) devices. Network Mode: Wireless-B only, Description: Select if you have only 802.11b devices. Network Mode: Wireless-G Only, Description: Select if you have only 802.11g devices. Network Mode: Wireless-N, Description: Select if you have only 802.11n devices. Network Mode: Disabled, Description: Select to disable the wireless radio. Figure 3 on this page is an image of the Wireless-N Broadband router utility that shows the Wireless tab displaying the wireless security settings. Figure 4 on this page is a table that lists the following descriptions of the available security modes. Security Mode: Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP), Description: Encrypts the broadcast data between the wireless access point and the client using a 64-bit or 128-bit encryption key. Security Mode: Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP), Description: This WEP patch automatically negotiates a new key every few minutes, TKIP helps to prevent attackers from gaining enough data to break the encryption key. Security Mode: Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Description: A more secure encryption system than TKIP, AES also requires more computing power to run the stronger encryption. Security Mode: Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA), Description: An improved version of WEP created as a temporary solution until 802.11i became ratified, now that 802.11i has been ratified, WAP2 has been released. It covers the entire 802.11i standard, WPA uses much stronger encryption than WEP encryption. Security Mode: Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2), Description: An improved version of WAP that supports robust encryption, which provides government-grade security, WPA2 can be enabled with password authentication (personal) or server authentication (enterprise).