Figure 1 on this page is an animation showing proper screwdriver use. Clockwise to tighten a screw and counter clockwise to loosen a screw.Figure 2 on this page is an image showing a flat head screwdriver being used to work on a slotted screw. The image also shows a flat head screwdriver being used to work on a Phillips head screw. This part of the image is superimposed with a red circle with a red line through it.Figure 3 on this page is an image of a Phillips head screwdriver being used to work on a Phillips head screw.Figure 4 on this page is an image that shows a technician using a component retrieving tool. A component retrieving tool usually consists of a length of plastic tube of around 4 mm to 6 mm in diameter with a push-button on one end. Three metal wires protrude from the other end, each sprung to bend outwards, away from the tube's axis, but with their tips bent inwards to form teeth. The push-button drives the wires down the tube causing them to spread outwards, opening the teeth. When the button is released, an internal spring withdraws the wires which, constrained by the tube, are forced together, closing the teeth. By pressing the button, the user allows the teeth to open up and by releasing the button, the teeth will grab whatever object is below the tool.Figure 5 on this page is an interactive grahic showing a Fluke Networks 110 Multimeter. The activity allows the learner to understand the following various parts of a multimeter. Display: To view information displayed. Hold button: Display HOLD is enabled, display freezes the present reading. In MIN MAX AVG mode, the MIN MAX AVG recording is paused. MIN MAX AVG button: MIN MAX AVG mode is enabled, minimum, maximum, or average reading is displayed. Range button: the Meter selects the range with the best resolution, in manual range mode, the user selects the range. Hz button: Frequency from 50 Hz to 5 kHz. Notes: AC voltage and current AC-coupled, True RMS, up to 500 Hz. Dial options: Power Off; AC, alternating current, from 300 mV to 600 V; DC, direct current, from 1mV to 600 V; Beeper, turns on at less than 20 Ohms and turns off at greater than 250 Ohms; Ohms, from 0.1 Ohms to 40 Mega Ohms; Diodes, tests diodes, a result of 'OL' indicates that an open diode is present; Capacitance, from 1 nF (nanofarad) to 9999 µF (microfarad); COM terminal, Common (return) terminal for all measurements, when measuring voltages, this is often referred to as ground; Input Terminal, Input terminal for voltage, continuity, resistance, diode test, capacitance, and voltage frequency measurements.