Figure 1 on this page is an image of a call centre worker sitting at a workstation. Figure 2 on this page is an interactive graphic that explains the following features of help desk software. Log and track incidents, the software may manage call queues, set call priorities, assign calls, and escalate calls. Record contact information, the software may store, edit, and recall customer names, email addresses, phone numbers, location, websites, fax numbers, and other information in a database. Research product information, the software may provide technicians with information regarding the products supported, including features, limitations, new versions, configuration constraints, known bugs, product availability, links to online help files, and other information. Run diagnostic utilities, the software may have several diagnostic utilities, including remote diagnostic software, in which the technician can take over a customer's computer while sitting at a desk in the call center. Research a knowledge base, the software may contain a knowledge database that is pre-programmed with common problems and their solutions. This database may grow as technicians add their own records of problems and solutions. Collect customer feedback, the software may collect customer feedback regarding satisfaction with the call centers products and services. Figure 3 on this page is a table that provides the following sample chart of how calls can be named, defined, and prioritized. Name: Down, Definition: The company cannot operate any of its computer equipment, Priority: 1 (Most Urgent). Name: Hardware, Definition: One (or more) of the company’s computers is not functioning correctly, Priority: 2 (Urgent). Name: Software, Definition: One (or more) of the company computers is experiencing software or operating system errors, priority: 2 (Urgent). Name: Network, Definition: One (or more) of the company’s computers cannot access the network, Priority: 2 (Urgent). Name: Enhancement, Definition: There has been a request from the company for additional computer functionality, Priority: 3 (Important).