Figure 1 on this page shows a standard computer power supply unit. Figure 2 on this page shows the following 6 images. A 20-pin or 24-pin slotted connector. A SATA keyed connector. A Molex keyed connector. A Berg keyed connector. A 4-pin to 8-pin auxiliary power connector. A 6/8-pin PCIe power connector Figure 3 on this page shows a table listing the following descriptions of the common power supply connectors. Connector: 20-pin or 24-pin slotted connector, Description: Connects to the motherboard, the 24-pin connector has two rows of 12 pins each, the 20-pin connector has two rows of 10 pins each. Connector: SATA keyed connector, Description: Connects disk drives, connector is wider and thinner than a Molex connector. Connector: Molex keyed connector, Description: Connects hard drives, optical derives, or other devices. Connector: Berg keyed connector, Description: Connect to legacy floppy drives, smaller than a Molex connector. Connector: 4-pin to 8-pin auxiliary power connector, Description: Connector has two rows of two to four pins and supplies power to different areas of the motherboard, the auxiliary power connector is the same shape as the main power connector but smaller. Connector: 6/8-pin PCIe power connector, Description: Connector has two rows of three to four pins and supplies power to internal components. Figure 4 on this page is a table listing the following voltages and other information for each connector found on the power supply. Voltage: +12V, Wire Colour: Yellow, Use: Disk drive, motors, fans, cooling devices, and the system bus slots, Power Supply Form: AT, ATX, ATX12V. Voltage: -12V, Wire Colour: Blue, Use: Some type of serial port circuits and early programmable read-only memory (PROM), Power Supply Form: AT, ATX, ATX12V. Voltage: +3.3V, Wire Colour: Orange, Use: Most newer CPUs, some type of system memory, and AGP video cards, Power Supply Form: ATX, ATX12V. Voltage: +5V, Wire Colour: Red, Use: Motherboard, Baby AT, earlier CPUs, and motherboard components, Power Supply Form: AT, ATX, ATX12V. Voltage: -5V, Wire Colour: White, Use: ISA bus cards and early PROMS, Power Supply Form: AT, ATX, ATX12V. Voltage: 0V, Wire Colour: Black, Use: Ground - Used to complete circuits with other voltages, Power Supply Form: AT, ATX, ATX12V