Figure 1 on this page is an interactive graphic listing the following various factors and considerations affecting the choice of a computer case. Model Type: The type of motherboard you choose determines the type of case that can be used. The size and shape must match exactly. Size: If a computer has many components, it will need more room for airflow to keep the system cool. Power Supply: You must match the power rating and connection type of the power supply to the type of motherboard you have chosen. Appearance: For some people, how the case looks doesn't matter at all. For others, it is critical. There are many case designs to choose from if it is necessary to have a case that is attractive. Status Display: What is going on inside the case can be very important. LED indicators that are mounted on the outside of the case can tell you if the system is receiving power, when the hard drive is being used, and when the computer is in sleep or hibernate mode. Vents: All cases have a vent on the power supply, and some have another vent on the back to help draw air into or out of the system. Some cases are designed with more vents in the event that the system needs a way to dissipate an unusual amount of heat. This situation may occur when many devices are installed close together in the case. Figure 2 on this page is a table listing the following several factors and considerations affecting the choice of a case fan. Case size: Larger cases often require larger fans because smaller fans cannot create enough air flow. Fan speed: Larger fans can spin more slowly than smaller fans, which reduces fan noise. Number of components: Multiple components in a computer create additional heat, which requires more fans, larger fans, or faster fans. Physical environment: The case fans must be able to disperse enough heat to keep the interior of the case cool. Number of mounting places available: Different cases have different numbers of mounting places for fans. Location of mounting places available: Different cases have different locations for mounting fans. Electrical connections: Some case fans are connected directly to the motherboard, while others are connected directly to the power supply.