The figure on this page shows the following table that lists common security problems and solutions. Problem Symptom: A wireless network is compromised even though 128-bit WEP encryption in use, Problem Cause: A hacker issuing commonly available wireless hacking tools to crack the encryption, Possible Solutions: Upgrade to WPA2 Encryption, add MAC address filtering for old clients that do not support WPA. Problem Symptom: A user is receiving hundreds or thousands of junk emails each day, Problem Cause: The network is not providing detection or protection for the email server from spammers, Possible Solutions: Install antivirus or an email software program that removes spam from an email inbox. Problem Symptom: An unknown printer repair person is observed looking under keyboards and on desktops, Problem Cause: Visitors are not being monitored properly or user credentials have been stolen to enter the building, Possible Solutions: Contact security or police, advise users never to hide passwords near their work area. Problem Symptom: An unauthorized wireless access point is discovered on the network, Problem Cause: A user has added a wireless access point to increase the wireless range of the company network, Possible Solutions: Disconnect and confiscate the unauthorized device, enforce security policy by taking action against the person responsible for the security breech. Problem Symptom: Users with flash drives are infecting computers on the network with viruses, Problem Cause: The flash drive is infected with a virus and is not scanned by virus protection software when a network computer accesses it, Possible Solutions: Set virus protection software to scan removable media when data is accessed. Problem Symptom: A security alert is displayed, Problem Cause: The Windows Firewall is turned off, virus definitions are out of date, malware has been detected, Possible Solutions: Turn on Windows Firewall, update virus definitions, scan the computer to remove any malware. Problem Symptom: Windows update fails, Problem Cause: The downloaded update is corrupted, the update requires a previous update that is not installed, Possible Solutions: Download the update manually and install, use System Restore to restore the computer to a time before the attempted update, restore the computer from a backup. Problem Symptom: System files have been renamed, Problem Cause: The computer has a virus, Possible Solutions: Remove the virus using antivirus software, restore the computer from a backup. Problem Symptom: Your email contacts report spam coming from your address, Problem Cause: Your email has been hijacked, Possible Solutions: Change your email password, contact the email service support to reset the account.