Figure 1 on this page is an image of the top view of a docking station with the following components highlighted. The power button is a control that turns the power on and turns the power off to the laptop when the laptop is connected to the docking station. The eject button is a lever that releases the laptop from the docking station so that the laptop can be removed. The docking connector is a socket that is used to attach a laptop to a docking station. Figure 2 on this page shows an image of the rear view of a docking station with the following components highlighted. The exhaust vent is an outlet that expels hot air from the interior of the docking station. The AC power connector is a socket that is used to connect the AC power adapter to the docking station. The Ethernet port is an RJ-45 socket that is used to connect the laptop to a cabled local area network. The RJ-11 modem port is a device that is used to connect the laptop to a standard telephone line. The PC combination card slot is an expansion slot that supports the ExpressCard expansion cards in the top slot and PC Cards in the bottom slot. The serial port is a socket that is used to connect a device such as a mouse or trackball. The VGA port is a 15-pin socket that allows output to external displays and projectors. The parallel port is a socket that is used to connect a device such as a printer or scanner. The DVI port is a socket that is used to attach a digital video monitor. The Line In connector is a socket that is used to attach an audio source. The headphone connector is a socket that is used to attach an audio output device. The external-diskette-drive connector is a socket that is used to connect an external disk drive. The Universal Serial Bus (USB) port is a socket that is used to connect one or more peripherals. The keyboard port is a PS/2 socket that is used to attach an external keyboard. The mouse port is a PS/2 socket that is used to attach an external mouse. Figure 3 on this page is an image of the right side view of a docking station highlighting the Key Lock which is a socket into which a key is inserted to lock the laptop to the docking station.